Remove unclear usage of Consumers and consumers from draft (#207)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

This document describes the scalable, flexible, and decentralized SCITT architecture.
Its goal is to enhance auditability and accountability across supply chains.

> In supply chains, artifacts travel down the chain until they are no longer usable for one or more parties.

Reviewer: I would rephrase this.

Downstream artifacts, are built from upstream artifacts.

Traceability and quality control in supply chains becomes more difficult, as the number of components and contributors to an artifact increases.

Author: I was trying to stay in scope, I will admit it is awkward. I will rephrase given your feedback.

Author: I made another attempt in https://github.com/ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture/pull/207/commits/11b19c34e128846112b37aac52e0d5d7b06b8514. Feel free to re-open if you feel it is not resolved.

> All parties in supply chains like information about these artifacts.

Reviewer: This sentence is a throwaway, better to delete it

Author: I am fine with that.

This document describes the scalable, flexible, and decentralized SCITT architecture.
Its goal is to enhance auditability and accountability across supply chains.

In supply chains, downstream artifacts are built upon upstream artifacts.
The complexity of traceability and quality control for these supply chains increases with the number of artifacts and parties contributing to them.
All parties in supply chains like information about these artifacts.
There are many parties who publish information about artifacts:
For example, the original manufacturer may provide information about the state of the artifact when it left the factory.
The shipping company may add information about the transport environment of the artifact.
Compliance auditors may provide information about their compliance assessment of the artifact.
Security companies may publish vulnerability information about an artifact.
Some of these parties may publish information about their analysis or use of an artifact.

> SCITT provides a way for these parties to obtain this information in a way that is "transparent", that is, parties cannot lie about the information that they publish without it being detected.

Reviewer 2: Always difficult to have abstract ("these", "they", references, even in the same paragraph 
Assuming you're going to lean into Relying Parties as the synonym to Consumer and Verifier, I'd suggest:
```suggestion
SCITT provides a way for Relying Parties to obtain this information in a way that is "transparent", that is, parties cannot lie about the information that they publish without it being detected.
```

Author: In this context, I specifically did not mean Relying Parties, I was mirroring preexisting usage of the term "parties" to be different actors/stakeholders in a software supply chain. This usage was elsewhere in the introduction when discussing a high-level, so I thought this would be ok.

> SCITT achieves this by having producers publish information in a Transparency Service, where Verifiers can check the information.

Reviewer 2: I could go either way: "Verifiers", or "Relying Parties". Choose to merge/keep what you'd like in this PR.
```suggestion
SCITT achieves this by having producers publish information in a Transparency Service, where Relying Parties can check the information.
```

Author: Ditto with above, I did not mean to change Verifiers or other entity to be Client or Relying Party (that is really another PR), but to say parties in line with other usages of it like actor/stakeholder that was previously existing in other parts of the introduction.

Consumers may even publish the fact that they consume an artifact.

SCITT provides a way for consumers to obtain this information in a way that is "transparent", that is, parties cannot lie about the information that they publish without it being detected.

> SCITT achieves this by having producers publish information in a Transparency Service, where different entities (i.e. Issuers, Verifiers) can check the information.

Author: What other entity types do we have in SCITT?

> SCITT achieves this by having producers publish information in a Transparency Service, where different entities (i.e. Issuers, Verifiers) can check the information.

Author: Also, wait a second I am confused I thought I rebased this commit out to 209 before you even reviewed, so this should not even be here anymore (in the first place?), so thanks for bringing it to my attention. You can ignore the rhetorical question of limited value. 😆

Verifier:

: organizations, stakeholders, and users involved in validating supply chain Artifacts.

> Verifiers analyze Transparent Statements, verifying their proofs and inspecting the Statement payload, either before using corresponding Artifacts, or later to audit an Artifact's provenance on the supply chain.

Reviewer 2: nice clarification... 👍

Author: I thought `Verifiers verify and validate Transparent Statements, verifying ..." would be unpleasantly redundant but the other usage of "consume" didn't describe what they are doing with it, so I hope others enjoy that tweak as well.
